Update all existing eventing documentation to reflect removal of event-mesh (#10820)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector-compass-mode/02-01-application-connector.md

> ## Event Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Event Publisher
```

> The Event Service sends events to Kyma Eventing and enriches events with metadata that indicates the source of the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Event Publisher sends events to Kyma Eventing with metadata that indicates the source of the event.
```

This allows routing events to Functions and services based on their source Application.

> 

Reviewer: Please delete the `Event Service` section.
